Merging in changes to plotting code + automated plotting code and cutflow (#24)
BFF-Zprime-mumu/Zprime2muAnalysis: README.md

```

# Producing the plots

> This is tested in CMSSW_10_2_1 enviroment. You need a CMSSW envirment that includes TRatioPlot.h.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is tested in CMSSW_10_2_1 environment. You need a CMSSW environment that includes TRatioPlot.h.
```
